Pub sub with streams (#333)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/streams/tutorials/pub-sub-streams.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> This is about how to create geo-replicated streams and do queues and pub-sub messaging with local latencies across the globe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes how to create geo-replicated streams and set up queues and pub-sub messaging with local latencies across the globe.
```
